---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "planetscale_database_branch Resource - terraform-provider-planetscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A database branch resource. This resource allows you to create and manage database branches. A database branch is a copy of a database that can be used for development, testing, or other purposes.For more information on database branches please see here: https://planetscale.com/docs/concepts/branching.
---

# planetscale_database_branch (Resource)

A database branch resource. This resource allows you to create and manage database branches. A database branch is a copy of a database that can be used for development, testing, or other purposes.For more information on database branches please see here: https://planetscale.com/docs/concepts/branching.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The name of the database to create the branch for.
- `name` (String) The name of the database branch.
- `organization` (String) The name of the organization to create the database branch in.

### Optional

- `backup_id` (String) The ID of the backup to create the database branch from. If not specified, the database's default branch will be used.
- `parent_branch` (String) The name of the parent branch to create the database branch from. If not specified, the database's default branch will be used.
- `region` (String) The region where the database will be created. If not specified, the default region for the organization will be used. Currently, following regions are supported: ap-northeast, ap-south, ap-southeast, aws-ap-southeast-2, eu-central, eu-west, aws-eu-west-2, aws-sa-east-1, us-east, aws-us-east-2, us-west, gcp-us-central1, gcp-us-east4, gcp-northamerica-northeast1, gcp-asia-northeast3. For more information on regions, please see here: https://planetscale.com/docs/concepts/regions.
- `seed_data` (String) The name of the database branch to seed the new database branch with. If not specified, the database's default branch will be used.

### Read-Only

- `html_url` (String) The URL to the database branch in the Planetscale UI.
- `production` (Boolean) Whether the database branch is a production branch.
- `ready` (Boolean) Whether the database branch is ready to be used.


